When we do practices, of course, as always we need, and this practice is generally what the Buddha
said.
Practicing is not by the external. In the Buddha teaching, he said, it's not by the hand instrument
,
the new home. The way you dress up, this is not really practices. The way you keep your hair,
this is not practices. The practice is by mind. This is the mind. So it's not external things,
practice means. Buddha teaching is practice is not external gestures that you see. See,
the pre-practice, true practice is by mind. Therefore, when you practice as we could,
this is from our great masters. I'm just reminding that. It's our mind. So therefore,
we always must be trying to be distantly and correcting our mind, particularly time of the
practices. That means we do practices, for example, and we have time. Practice for one
hours or 40 minutes, or maybe one and a half hours. At that time, we try to really keep that
mind something special. And it's very old, what is called this mind? It's called kung-ho, kung-ho.
Kung-ho is old, long means that we'll bring out that. So that means, kung-ho means the mind that
will bring anything, anything that means. So we have to keep the good mind that will bring all
the good things. That's what we need. And therefore, when we start thinking of the mind,
this kung-ho in the available kung-ho that will bring everything, there is always these great
masters in the Buddha teaching set three, three state of kung-ho's, the positives, negatives,
and the neutrons. Among these three, when we practice time, what kind of kung-ho we need,
what kind of mind? If I love that oscillator, what kind of attitude do we want? Attitude,
the positive mind. Positive attitudes, not the negatives, not even neutral. What is the negatives,
negative attitude? Again, negative attitude is then related connected with negativities,
ignorance, attachment, anger, jealous. And as I said before, making the scepticals. And the mind
is kind of like too much scared and so forth, and hovering so many things. Not really subtle,
that those are all known as kind of negatives. And then along that, too many scared thoughts,
this also can be neutral. Very maybe not nothing too negative, but neutral and just too scared,
we're not subtle. That also not going to help the practice, is not going to make good call
practices.
And we like to make that one hour sitting nice and good practices, good one. Then this kung-ho,
correct kung-ho, correct motivation is really so important, so necessary. That is then in this case
,
simple world Buddha teaching, both each other, the devotion, the joy, that we should pray. It's
nothing extra ordinary that we have to get and make some big effort. It's all our mind. To make
this, we like to make the difference to our practices, and we like to make the differences,
difference to our future destinations, future progress, future developments. We start right now,
right now, reading this beautiful motivation. And that motivation as I said, it's only so simple.
Joy,
the appreciations, and the devotions. When you have the joy and appreciation and the body temper,
immediately subsided. All those negativity is thoughts, thoughts. Even attachment, anger, doubt,
hesitation, and arrogance. All just simultaneously dispel. As the morning sunshine comes, or the
heat
light on the sky, that moment that darkness is fading away. Similarly, the brilliant sun comes,
it's all. It's our nature, your nature, my nature. It's your nature, our my nature. It's true
nature,
it's good. It will assure our lives. It will assure our lives, it will assure our practices. It is
so
good. If we combine that practice with Jyoti meditation, Jyoti practice, Vayayana teachings,
then it will boost up the Vayayana practice. Jyoti meditation becomes so special, so beautiful,
so targeted, so directed. Jyoti become truly Jyoti. Mahabhadar become practiced truly Mahabhadarist
.
And another become truly another practice. With all these qualities, almost they become names.
It don't sink to the heart. It don't make the changes from the deep levels. This is so simple,
so carefree, so basic, yet in the center column of our practices. So therefore, this this karmu,
this attitude, or this mind is so important. For that reason, many great master and Buddha
teachings and his whole Duryamurjic, Kenkipati here, and all the great teachers that I heard,
we read the books, and you read books, all that's what is said. A mind is positive, everything
become
positive. A mind is negative, everything become negative. A mind is neutral, everything neutral.
This is the mind, the unseen, this emptiness mind. It is so powerful, indicating our direction,
indicating our environment. These are not just the way stories that are made or that are revealed
as echoes of the great monsters. It's truly, when you look carefully, it is our mind. It will
change
our destination, our environment, our things. Buddha made enlightenment, practice it, it comes
from there. And for that reason, Buddha said extended gesture is not teaching. Really teaching,
really practice, is starting with the mind. Mind. And therefore, it is so, so, so special. So for
that reason, there are always, we should really be strengthening our beautiful motivation. Whenever
we practice, whenever we do the meditation, we shouldn't, in the immediate importance,
let's start with joy and appreciation and bodhicitta, kindness, compassion. Joy and
appreciation. Appreciation is basic Buddha's teachings, basic Buddha's teaching, and Hinyana
teaching, and we use words, all basic Buddha's teachings. Joy and appreciation, respect. Or in
a simple word, in a way, what they call graceful. Think graceful. That is what it is. This is done,
this is spiritual. This is not something that we're doing extra digital from outside of Dharma
cycle.
This is truly practices. With that, we add the Mahayana teachings. That is what, then bodhicitta.
Bodhicitta is love, bodhicitta is confession, bodhicitta is taking all the means, every living
means. Whether we know them, whether we don't know them, or whether they are our family members,
friends, and neighbors, and we eat the best from our heart. And put pray for that. Even we couldn't
do anything immediately, diddly, physically. But at least we can do the prayer. We can open our
heart
and ignite the light of love and compassion. What's next? Every generation, wish them. That is the
bodhicitta, starting bodhicitta. That's what the Buddha's teaching said, as we all know that.
It's called wishing bodhicitta. We're wishing something sincerely from our heart to all the
beings. That moment, ourself, making something difference. Ourself, we were making something
difference in our lives. And that in our times, really truly. And it will make also difference
something according to the, as we wish. It will do that. So therefore, wishing both each other
is that. And the Buddha's teaching said we heard so many times. We know the bodhicitta,
there is no Buddha, no enlightenment. That means we know the bodhicitta, we're not going to reveal
our full, blossom nature of the mind. We're not going to reveal. Reveal and not, not natural,
but not call it. Nature will call it. Also we're not, nature will call it our mind. We're not
going to reveal it. We know the bodhicitta. We know the bodhicitta is the key. We know the bodhic
itta
is a light that will follow with that light. It's become bigger and bigger and bigger,
then truly we become enlightened. Not dark nights, dark nights. Becoming enlightened.
That's how we start bodhicitta. And with bodhicitta, then what we get according to our teaching,
with pure perceptions, pure inner state. Pure inner state is same as being graceful, enjoy,
appreciates, and being happy. Trying to be happy. Happy, trying to be happy, what we have.
Started happiness what we have. Not just of happiness because we're going to come waiting
for something. Happiness we started right now. That happiness and joy and appreciation is the
key and the foundation to open the pure inner state. Glory is nature that Buddha gave to the
Vajrayana teachings. Entirely that richness, natures, richness godly, the pure light,
the akalishta, all those beautiful things the Buddha said. It's not just something
somewhere. It's right here. We don't see that. Because the ego clinging, because of the
limit of our narrow mind and the narrow, narrow kind of that darkness of the ignorance,
we block that godness. To open that vision of the door, that mystery, the door is joy and
appreciation and pure inner state being graceful. That graceful, that light of that with love and
compassion and then devotion. When effort will develop that beautiful nature, that beautiful
gorgeous of the whole everything. So this is what if we, when we practice, when we practice
the meditation, when we do this one hour or 40 minutes or how now and really we have that natural,
natural, then our practice becomes so beautiful, so special. Every contact percentage, for example,
percentage, then and we have that our practice becomes 100 percent beautiful, 100 percent
beautiful. If we don't have that enough, then accordingly that percentage our practice is
80 percent, 70 percent, 60 percent. If we are not very little, then our, even we're sitting
in one hour practices, our practice, they call it level. Our practice is just 25 percent.
So that all depends from us, from ourself. So therefore this kulma or this mind, something
that is really correctly immediately, just we bring up that joy and appreciation and devotion
and bodhicana and then we graceful and feel the presence of the whole enlightened beings,
bodhisattva. Even we don't see right moment in our eyesight, but feel that this is what we call,
as Buddha teaching said, we are all moving from the direction to revealing the inconceivable
natural,
the inconceivable qualities. Why don't we do that? Therefore, so this is how we begin.
And then gathering like this, for example, it's very wonderful, it's so special. I know
you have made effort by all the things, different things. It's not just a comeback itself. You have
met so much effort, so many ways. One after another and met this and gathered and targeted
and we're practicing and discussing the Buddha teaching something so marvelous, so special.
We follow with the footsteps of the aching, those great, great practitioners and truly,
we are following that footsteps. We hold it there like as token with love and joy. This is
matters for a special marriage or activities, something special. So we can really dedicated this
very in honor of all the great master's teachers and also the distributed this merit, they added
all the sentence means bring the new peace, happiness, as we just discussed in this.
So that is the what my will you talk to me and so thank you.